Update celo-dapp-gallery.md (#3389)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/developer-resources/celo-dapp-gallery.md

Github: https://github.com/celo-org/savings-circle-demo

## Dunia Pay Wallet 

> At Dunia Payment , we are building an electronic wallet that will let poeple in Sub Saharan Africa send and receive money directly on their phone.The app will use the celo light client to process transaciton faster even in low internet connexion area common in Africa.The wallet will be built on top of the celo platform and also using a set of external open source smart contracts.

Reviewer: A few minor English edits

```suggestion
At Dunia Payment, we are building an electronic wallet that will let people in Sub Saharan Africa send and receive money directly on their phone.The app will use the Celo light client to process transactions faster, even in low internet connection areas common in Africa. The wallet will be built on top of the Celo platform and also using a set of external open source smart contracts.
```

Reviewer: if you could update, then I'll approve

> At Dunia Payment, we are building an electronic wallet that will let people in Sub Saharan Africa send and receive money directly on their phone.The app will use the Celo light client to process transactions faster, even in low internet connection areas common in Africa. The wallet will be built on top of the Celo platform and also using a set of external open source smart contracts.

Reviewer: Minor formatting nit pick

```suggestion
At Dunia Payment, we are building an electronic wallet that will let people in Sub Saharan Africa send and receive money directly on their phone. The app will use the Celo light client to process transactions faster, even in low internet connection areas common in Africa. The wallet will be built on top of the Celo platform and also using a set of external open source smart contracts.
```
